basic research is what you do when you dont know what you are doing.
if you can keep your head while all about you are losing theirs thenyou obviously dont understand whats going on.
by working faithfully 8 hours a day you may eventually get to be aboss and work 12 hours a day.
every society professes the existence of inalienable human rightsmost however are somewhat vague as to just what they are.
an open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
fools belittle that which they do not understand.cynics belittle everything.midgets simply belittle.
he who dies with the most toys wins
as scarce as truth is the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
if mans best friend is the dog where does that leave the rest of us?
activity is the politicians substitute for achievement.
construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will wantto use it.
hell is not a place. hell is what hurts worst.
if the thought of growing old bothers you consider the alternative.
days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend tofall on the same dates.
freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax regulation by regulation asit can be bullet by bullet missile by missile.
civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
bullshit baffles brains.
education confers understanding knowledge and competence schoolsconfer degrees.
a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
how long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom dooryoure on.
first secure an independent income then practice virtue.
if the nations economists were all laid end to end they would pointin all directions.
always address your elders with respect they could leave you afortune.
a synonym is a word you use when you cant spell the other one.
a perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a 20 bill.
a conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else tojoin you in your troubles.
history occurs twice  -the first time as tragedy the second time asfarce.
being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
everybodys death simplifies life for someone.
during britains brain drain not a single politician left thecountry.
rtcp:th15_1z_a_c4t_ch4t_n0t_a_m3m3_ch4t
all work and no play make jack a dull boy and jill a wealthy widow.
everything not forbidden by the laws of nature is mandatory. troubleis nearly everything is forbidden.
celibacy is not hereditary.
anyone can handle a crisis.its everyday living that kills you.
frustration is not having anyone else to blame but ones self.
blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.
dont worry about what other people are thinking of you. theyre toobusy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
i get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
how can you tell when a salesman is lying ?when his lips are moving.
every institution tends to perish through an excess of its ownpolicy.
if you disinfect the pond you kill the lilies.
crime is merely politics without the excuses.
dont wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
common sense is instinct. enough of it is genius.
a fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harborssuspicions to the contrary.
a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick inhis mouth.
every calling is great when greatly pursued.
dont hit a man when hes down unless you are damned certain he wontget up.
have a nice day...somewhere else.
a seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldlyknowledge.
any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
expectations should not determine whether or not one acts nor how.
a project manager is like the madam in a brothel. his job is to seethat everything comes off right.
if you think that mental illness interferes with financial successjust look at the average television evangelist.
a miser is a fellow who lives within his income. he is also called amagician.
a childs ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance ofalternatives.
hell is l is a city much like newark.
bankers are the assassins of hope.
experience is what you get when you dont get what you wanted.
bosses come and bosses go but a good secretary lasts forever.
any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
children are a comfort in your old age and they will even help youreach it.
dont get married if you are afraid of solitude.
computers are unreliable but humans are even more unreliable. anysystem which depends upon human reliability is unreliable. you canrely on it.
a liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about aradical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness andinsensitivity.
adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in thesafety of reminiscence.
all skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
a hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
experience is a good teacher but submits huge bills.
everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
a yacht is a hole in the water lined with wood steel or fiberglassthrough which one pours all his money.
eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
honesty in politics is much like oxygen.the higher up you go the scarcer it becomes.
be kind to your web-footed friends that duck may be a buyer.
degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
be a corporate good citizen hire the morally handicapped.
a man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
if its not in the computer then it doesnt exist.
if truth were a matter of opinion then the majority would always beright.
if a problem causes too many meetings then the meetings eventuallybecome more important than the problem.
if you are feeling good dont worry youll get over it.
beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
all things are possible.except skiing through a revolving door.
everything east of the san andreas fault will eventually plunge intothe atlantic ocean.
history is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
if the first person who answers the phone cant handle your questionthen its a bureaucracy.
if the shoe fits youre not allowing for growth.
any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least oneloophole.
how come nowadays the word honesty is generally preceded by thephrase old-fashioned ?
if one views his problem sufficiently closely he will recognizehimself as part of the problem.
if the universe is indeed insane who is the asylum keeper ?
beauty is only skin deep but ugly goes right to the bone.
crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
oh by the way, here's a little something: w0w_d15c0rd_h4s_s34rch_f34tur35
a short cut is the longest distance between two points.
government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
all things being equal a fat person uses more soap than a thinperson.
if someone gives you so-called good advice do the opposite you maybe certain that that will be the right thing nine times out of ten.
a dog is a dog except when he is facing you. then he is mr. dog.
a fool and his money are some party.
an easily understood workable falsehood is more useful than acomplex incomprehensible truth.
blessed be he who is called a big wheel for he goeth around incircles.
among economists the real world is generally considered to be aspecial case.
friends may come and friends may go but enemies accumulate.
give me an example of pro and con.progress and congress.
adam smith revisited work creates wealth which is then redistributedin the holy name of social justice. that is to say what is mine isyours and his and hers and theirs...
a bird in the hand is worth about three kleenex.
get too many irons in your fire and youll put it out.
a good listener not only is popular everywhere but also after awhile knows something.
he who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
enthusiasm wanes but dullness lasts forever.
any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsoletetwo parts which are unobtainable and three parts which are stillunder development.
diogenes is still searching.
everything comes to he who waits  -providing he has either infinitepatience or infinite wealth.
economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetimereputation as an expert without ever once being right.
by the time most of us have money to burn our fires gone out.
god has alzheimers disease hes forgotten that we exist.
feed the wolf as you will he will always look to the forest.
if all else fails read the destructions.
if the gods had really intended men to fly theyd have made it easierto get to the airport.
give all orders verbally. never write down anything that might go intoa pearl harbor file.
expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you themost gorgeous weeds you ever saw.
a narrow mind has a broad tongue.
art is a passion pursued with discipline science is a disciplinepursued with passion.
facts cannot prevail against faith or adamant folly.
extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
he who does many things makes many mistakes but never makes thebiggest mistake of all  -doing nothing.
for a man of fortitude there are no walls only avenues.
an infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
alls well that ends.
if this is the land of the future why are we all so given tonostalgia ?
if the facts are against you argue the law. if the law is againstyou pound the table and yell like hell.
ambition is the curse of the political class.
extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
if you gave a monkey control of its environment it would fill theuniverse with bananas.
distrust your first impressions they are invariably too favorable.
given that nature limited the intelligence of man it seems unfairthat she did not limit the stupidity of man.
if you think that no one cares that youre alive try missing a fewcar payments.
any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
dr. faustus call your service.
fire and water.matter and anti-matter.money and morality.
at best life is a spiral and never a pendulum. what has been donecannot be undone.
if you cannot convince them confuse them.
behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
black holes are outa sight
all warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
god made everything out of nothing. but the nothingness showsthrough.
if mathematically you end up with the wrong answer try multiplying bythe page number.
theres no intelligent life down here.
against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
experimentation is the mother of confusion.
an economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure ofother industry to provide the savings that will support high techuntil it begins to pay off.
he who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
assumptions so often full of holes remain precious to theconvinced.
any given computer program when running is obsolete.
if its rational if its logical and if it makes good common sensethen its simply not done.
if everything appears to be going well you obviously dont know whatthe hell is going on.
if builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programsthen the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
a sense of decency is often a decent mans undoing.
as the rabbit said if that aint a wolf its a hell of a big dog.
if the plating work that we do for you is defective we will refundyour money redo the parts free close our plant and have the plantmanager shot. will that be satisfactory ?
a man does not look behind the door unless he has stood therehimself.
a complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from amore simple system that worked.
if you live among the wolves learn to howl like them.
freedom is for everyone. or no one.
dont be so humble...you arent that great.
a meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours arelost.
extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to growhard-hearted.
all great discoveries are made by mistake.
a smith  wesson always beats four aces.
he who endures wins.
if an experiment works something has gone wrong.
fear is no great respecter of reason.
half of conversation is listening.
an elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
if a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind what doesan empty desk mean ?
excellence is an option that is renewable.
did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet your bodymakes its own cholesterol.
90 of everything is crud.
anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in goodenough condition not to have to.
if you cannot understand it it is intuitively obvious.
always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are actingin their best interests.
he who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong but hewill do very few things at all.
if the government hasnt yet taxed licensed or regulated it then itprobably aint worth anything.
a neurotic builds castles in the air.a psychotic lives in castles in the air.and a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
every family tree has some sap.
a politicians most important ability is to foretell what will happentomorrow and next month and next year  -and to explain afterwards whyit didnt happen.
after all is said and done a hell of a lot more is said than done.
da trouble wit computers is dey got no sense of humor.
a misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do thegreatest damage.
example is not the main thing in influencing others it is the onlything.
if more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation no onewill be at fault.
if all the economists in the world were laid end to end they couldntreach a conclusion.
a bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
a friend in power is a friend lost.
bend the facts to fit the conclusion. its easier that way.
he who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots.
god cant alter history so he created historians.
anger is never without an argument or with a good one.
he who would leap high must take a long run.
always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
honesty is the best policy  -unless of course you are dealing withyour wife your girlfriend your banker your employer the i.r.s.your creditors...
an expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until heknows absolutely everything about nothing.
ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
extreme sorrow laughs extreme joy weeps.
blessed are the censors for they shall inhibit the earth.
even mason and dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
if doctors intellects were as big as doctors egos this would be afar healthier world.
if you doubt that rochesterians believe in god watch how they drive.
if you cannot logically refute a mans arguments not all is lost. youcan always call him nasty names.
a major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed finalinspection.
all turtle thoughts are of turtle.
although i may disagree with what you say i will defend to the deathyour right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
he who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of theseventh.
a great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
any component when inadvertently dropped will roll into a hidingplace the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square ofthe components irreplaceability.
a stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
he who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
a clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
fill whats empty.empty whats full.and scratch where it itches.
cheer up.the first hundred years are the hardest
a closed mouth says nothing wrong a closed mind does nothing right.
a computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men workingfor thirty years straight.
for peace of mind resign as general manager of the universe.
dont be afraid to take a big step. you cannot cross a chasm in twosmall steps.
bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
freedom of the press is limited to those who have one.
he is all fault who has no fault at all.
always forgive your enemies  -nothing else annoys them as much.
an efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
automatic simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
if it jams  -force it. if it breaks it needed replacing anyway.
a man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
freedom is for everyone. or no one.
if its not in the computer then it doesnt exist.
diogenes is still searching.
if truth were a matter of opinion then the majority would always beright.
theres no intelligent life down here.
government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
a politicians most important ability is to foretell what will happentomorrow and next month and next year  -and to explain afterwards whyit didnt happen.
a sense of decency is often a decent mans undoing.
if its rational if its logical and if it makes good common sensethen its simply not done.
a seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldlyknowledge.
blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.
degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
blessed be he who is called a big wheel for he goeth around incircles.
if the nations economists were all laid end to end they would pointin all directions.
a neurotic builds castles in the air.a psychotic lives in castles in the air.and a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
if you cannot convince them confuse them.
god cant alter history so he created historians.
always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are actingin their best interests.
if you cannot understand it it is intuitively obvious.
if mans best friend is the dog where does that leave the rest of us?